# Folder Structure

```
CALSource
+-- NAV Version
    +-- Localization
       +-- Cumulative Update
           +-- Orginal  (*)
           +-- Modified (*)
Documentation
InstallUpgrade
Media
+-- Screenshots
PermissionSets
Rdlc
Src
+-- ...
Test
Translations
``` 

## CALSource

This folder exists if:
* The extension was initialy made in CAL and converted to AL
* The extension was made in AL and downgraded to CAL 

A [ManualPostAlConversion.MD](CALSource\ManualPostAlConversion.MD) file can contain extra details when converting from CAL to AL.

(*) CAL source code folders should contain text files of **seperate objects** in order to make full use of source control. Splitting object text files should only be done through PowerShell, cause different tools may have different results, therefore creating differences in source control.

```PowerShell
Split-NAVApplicationObjectFile -Source <String> -Destination <String> -PreserveFormatting
```

## Documentation

Contains extra **technical** information releated to the extension. Preferably in [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/), for legacy  reasons Word documents are allowed as wel. However, for new extensions one should consider using Markdown.
 Documentation coming from other parties is also allowed in other formats (pdf).

## DotNet
May contain dll's required by the extension. Please see the [readme](DotNet\README.MD).
Deployment of these dll's need to be mentioned in the Deployment section.

## InstallUpgrade
Contains codeunits for installing and upgrading the extension.

## Media
Can contain different types of binary media required.

The screenshot folder may contain images used in the [README.MD](README.MD)

## PermissionSets

Contains xml with [permission set](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/developer/devenv-export-permission-sets) definitions, at least 2 should be incuded:

* SETUP: All permissions on all objects.
* BASIC: Read & execute permissions on all objects.

## Rdlc

Location for report rdlc files

## Src
The contents of this folder will be generated by the [CRS AL Language Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=waldo.crs-al-language-extension)

## Test
Contains test codeunits for the extension. Abecon standard extension *should* have test codeunits.
Customer extensions *can* have test codeunits, only if agreed on by customer.

## Translations
Contains xlf files with translations.